feat(docs): Documentation update (#2049)
UK-Export-Finance/dtfs2: trade-finance-manager-api/README.md

# Trade Finance Manager API (TFM API) :gear:

> TFM API, also known as Trade Finance Manager API, plays a pivotal role in handling deal submissions to UKEF (UK Export Finance). Once TFM successfully receives a deal, it leverages GraphQL to query and mutate TFM data. In TFM, a deal is an integral part of a 'case,' which encompasses the deal, facilities, and other TFM-specific components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TFM API, also known as Trade Finance Manager API, plays a pivotal role in handling deal submissions to UKEF (UK Export Finance). Once TFM successfully receives a deal, it leverages GraphQL to query and mutate TFM data. In TFM, a deal is an integral part of a 'case', which encompasses the deal, facilities, and other TFM-specific components.
```

}
```

When TFM creates a snapshot (and adds it to the TFM collections) for its own consumption, the deal structure becomes:

```js
{
  _id: '61f7a71ccf809301e78fbea3',
  dealSnapshot: {
    _id: '61f7a71ccf809301e78fbea3',
    submissionType: 'Automatic Inclusion Notice',
    // ...
  },
  tfm: {
    dateReceived: '20-12-2021',
    // ...
  },
}
```

:warning: **The snapshot should not be changed by TFM.** TFM updates are stored in the `tfm` object.

This is the same for facilities, with the exception that 'dealSnapshot' is replaced with 'facilitySnapshot'.

## Mapping Different Product Types and Data :earth_americas:

TFM handles two types of deals and four types of facilities:

- BSS and EWCS (bond and loan facilities for a BSS deal).
- Cash and Contingent (facilities for a GEF deal).

At the time of writing, BSS has a different structure compared to GEF. GEF data is more straightforward.

In the future, BSS will be redesigned to align with the GEF data structure, creating a shared, generic structure. TFM will then be refactored to query and render data based on this generic structure, rather than the BSS structure. The submission mapping is a step towards this alignment.

---

> This documentation provides an in-depth understanding of the Trade Finance Manager API (TFM API), its functionalities, data structure, and future considerations for handling different product types and data.

Reviewer: Should we put this summary at the top as well?

- HTTP headers:

> ```shell

Reviewer: I think we removed this line by accident

Author: Thanks, have added back.
